all: add support for migrate down (#141)
ariga/atlas-action: README.md

* `pending_count` - The number of migrations that will be applied.
* `applied_count` - The number of migrations that were applied.

### `ariga/atlas-action/migrate/down`

Revert migrations to a database.

#### Inputs

All inputs are optional as they may be specified in the Atlas configuration file.

* `url` - The URL of the target database.  For example: `mysql://root:pass@localhost:3306/dev`.
* `dir` - The URL of the migration directory to apply.  For example: `atlas://dir-name` for cloud
   based directories or `file://migrations` for local ones.
* `config` - The URL of the Atlas configuration file.  By default, Atlas will look for a file
  named `atlas.hcl` in the current directory. For example, `file://config/atlas.hcl`.
  Learn more about [Atlas configuration files](https://atlasgo.io/atlas-schema/projects). 
* `env` - The environment to use from the Atlas configuration file.  For example, `dev`.
* `amount` - The amount of applied migrations to revert, defaults to 1.
* `to-version` - To which version to revert.

> * `to-version` - To which tag to revert.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `to-tag` - To which tag to revert.
```

> * `wait-interval` - Time in seconds between different migrate down attempts, useful when waiting for plan approval. 
> * `wait-timeout` - Time after which no other retry attempt is made and the action exits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `wait-timeout` - Time after which no other retry attempt is made and the action exits.
* `wait-interval` - Time in seconds between retry attempts, useful when waiting for plan approval. Defaults to 1s.
```
Keeps it a default maybe.

Reviewer: It made sense to me to change the order

Reviewer: I meant adding default only to the interval one. Default to 1s or 5s.
